
hood-202603200001783879FALSE00017838792026-03-202026-03-20
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549 
FORM 8-K
CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 20, 2026
Robinhood Markets, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 | | | | | 
Delaware | | 001-40691 | | 46-4364776 | 
 | | | | | 
(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation)
 | | (Commission
File Number)
 | | (IRS Employer
Identification No.)
 | 
 | | | | | 
85 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
(844) 428-5411
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Not Applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
☐ | | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) | 
 | | | 
☐ | | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) | 
 | | | 
☐ | | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) | 
 | | | 
☐ | | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) | 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: | 
Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered | 
Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share | HOOD | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC | 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). | | | 
 | | | 
Emerging growth company | | ☐ | 
 | | | 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. | | ☐ | 
Item 1.01 – Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On March 20, 2026, Robinhood Securities, LLC (“RHS”), a subsidiary of Robinhood Markets, Inc. (the “Company” or “Robinhood”), entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) among RHS, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, amending and restating the $2.65 billion 364-day senior secured revolving credit facility entered into in March 2025 (the “2025 RHS Credit Agreement”).
The Credit Agreement provides for a 364-day senior secured revolving credit facility with a total commitment of $3.25 billion. Under circumstances described in the Credit Agreement, the aggregate commitments may be increased by up to $1.625 billion, for a total commitment under the Credit Agreement of $4.875 billion. Borrowings under the credit facility must be specified to be Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C or a combination thereof, with each tranche being secured by different assets of RHS as set forth in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) Daily Simple SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and (iii) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement), in each case, as of the day the loan is initiated, plus an applicable margin rate. The applicable margin rate is 1.25% for Tranche A loans and 2.50% for Tranche B and Tranche C loans. Undrawn commitments will accrue commitment fees at a rate per annum equal to 0.45%.
The Credit Agreement requires RHS to maintain a minimum consolidated tangible net worth and a minimum excess net capital, and subjects RHS to a specified limit on minimum net capital to aggregate debit items. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants that are substantially the same as those contained in the 2025 RHS Credit Agreement, including limitations with respect to debt, liens, fundamental changes, asset sales, restricted payments, investments and transactions with affiliates, subject to certain exceptions. Consistent with the 2025 RHS Credit Agreement, amounts due under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated upon an “event of default,” as defined in the Credit Agreement, such as failure to pay amounts owed thereunder when due, breach of a covenant, material inaccuracy of a representation, or occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency, subject in some cases to cure periods. 
The foregoing description of the Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 – Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7.01 – Regulation FD Disclosure.
On March 24, 2026, the Company announced that its board of directors (the “Board”) approved a new share repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”) authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of its outstanding Class A common stock. The Repurchase Program replaces the Company’s prior share repurchase authorizations previously approved by the Board (the “Prior Repurchase Program”) and is inclusive of amounts that remained available for repurchase under the Prior Repurchase Program which were rolled over into the Repurchase Program, and represents more than $1.1 billion of incremental capacity. While the Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date, the Company’s management currently expects to conduct the Repurchase Program over a period of approximately three years, beginning in the first quarter of 2026.
The timing and amount of repurchase transactions will be determined by the Company from time to time at its discretion based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, and other factors, and repurchase transactions may be made using a variety of methods, such as open market share repurchases, including the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or other financial arrangements or transactions. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, and the Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company’s discretion.
A copy of a blog post announcing the approval of the Repurchase Program is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 7.01.
Robinhood uses the “Overview” tab of its Investor Relations website (accessible at investors.robinhood.com/overview) and its Newsroom (accessible at newsroom.aboutrobinhood.com), as means of disclosing information to the public in a broad, non-exclusionary manner for purposes of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) Regulation Fair Disclosure (Reg. FD). Investors should routinely monitor those web pages, in addition to Robinhood’s press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts, as information posted on them could be deemed to be material information.
The information furnished with Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report contains forward-looking statements, including with respect to the Repurchase Program and our current expectations with respect to timing. Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this Current Report. Factors that contribute to the uncertain nature of our forward-looking statements include, among others: our rapid and continuing expansion, including continuing to introduce new products and services on our platforms as well as geographic expansion; the fluctuations in our financial results and key metrics from quarter to quarter; our reliance on transaction-based revenue, including payment for order flow (“PFOF”), the risk of new regulation or bans on PFOF and similar practices, and the addition of our new fee-based model for cryptocurrency; our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and rapidly changing interest rate environments; the need to maintain capital levels required by regulators and self-regulatory organizations; the risk that changes in business, economic, or political conditions that impact the global financial markets, or a systemic market event, might harm our business; operational and regulatory risks and expenditures prior to and following closing of our acquisitions and investments; and our need to innovate and acquire or invest in new products, services, technologies and geographies in order to attract and retain customers and deepen their engagement with us in order to maintain growth. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results can be found in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, as amended, as well as in our other filings with the SEC, all of which are available on the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment; new risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks nor identify all uncertainties. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements might not be achieved and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements are made as of the filing date of this Current Report and are based on information and estimates available to us at this time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any of the statements in this Current Report whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this Current Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might be materially different from what we expect.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Exhibit Number | | Description | 
10.1 | Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2026, among Robinhood Securities, LLC, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent
 | 
99.1 | Blog post dated March, 24, 2026
 | 
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) | 
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 | | | | 
 | | Robinhood Markets, Inc. | 
 | | | | 
Date: | March 24, 2026 | By: | /s/ Shiv Verma | 
 | | | Name: Shiv Verma | 
 | | | Title: Chief Financial Officer | 
